welcome to another product feedback the
year many of my videos on YouTube have
been reported using this camera here the
Panasonic DMC ft-1 I've had lots of
comments people asking you know is it a
good camera where you think of it what
do you use I like the camera I think
it's a good camera just the low light
performance let's sit down this one here
I'm getting rid of being sold and I've
replaced to it with this the sony DSC
hx5v this is a brand new model
it's Sony's highest end point and shoot
camera that they make the reason why I
chose this is I don't really want to
make the move into DSLR yet I believe
that the price point and what they are
asking for him it's still not that right
time to buy so I've decided to get a
point in shoot specifically the reason
why I purchased this one here was
because that it uses a CMOS sensor same
as what the dslr's use as well as it's
using Sony's new g length and has superb
low-light picture quality so we'll have
a look and see if that's true and in
this video i'll be just doing an
unboxing seeing what the camera looks
like and i'll also have another video up
shortly which would be a review of the
actual product so we'll get straight
into it
slice it open okay so here we go so
inside the box you've got a register
your warranty cards that's if you
purchase extended warranty I believe
this camera also features GPS not as in
navigation GPS but as in pinpoint GPS
when you take a photo record your
location
some accessories you can buy the
cyber-shot software i hope hopefully
there's you can download later once on
the net the manual okay
the camera is a rechargeable lithium ion
battery for those interested it's a in
PBG one lithium ion so if you wanna
start out the pricing is easy for me to
buy spare ones inside the box you are
presented with a array of cables one
being USB and one being the important
side of the camera hopefully that's not
hope there's two separate cables oh no
they did it weed they made the USB
attached to the RGB sorry yeah
RCA component up for the name so you
plug it into your TV but that's a little
bit annoying because i want to mainly
use the USB and the computer well power
cable that's recharging the battery
little charging dock put the battery in
the extra cord they also provide you
with a hdmi adapter so i'm assuming that
the generic connection on the camera is
an hdmi so you get home the depth at
least i provide you with that so without
further ado let's open this beautiful
looking him oh oh that looks really
really nice make sure you can get it so
if it's a full HD video so it should be
even better picture quality than what
I've got at the moment Exmoor our lens
that's XM r CMOS sensor using the sony g
lens optical ten times reaching GPS and
compass on the back big big screen as
you can see the controls are on the side
in here and you've got the options up
the top HD ABC HD stereo recording
zoom in zoom out different modes of
shooting one feature on this camera you
want to try out is in low-light
situations they've got a it's called
night portrait or night something which
basically means when you take a photo it
takes multiple photos at different ISO
levels and then it combines it together
so you're going to get one well well-lit
photo so those are the feature I'm
really wanting to try out on the bottom
slides open
putting the memory card and put in your
battery now I'm going to give you guys
some advice
when it comes to memory cards these Sony
cameras use memory stick Pro or SD if
you want to record content video content
using these cameras you must use a class
6 or above SD card if you don't use a
class 6 or above
SD card the frame rate going much and
will be jittery when you put onto your
computer
don't forget to subscribe for the latest
product feedback videos and reviews